Small vulnerable newborns—big potential for impact
P Ashorn, U Ashorn, Y Muthiani, S Aboubaker, S Askari… - The Lancet, 2023 - thelancet.com
Despite major achievements in child survival, the burden of neonatal mortality has remained
high and even increased in some countries since 1990. Currently, most neonatal deaths …
保存 引用 被引用次数：53 相关文章 所有 12 个版本
[HTML] springer.com
[HTML] Vulnerable learners in the age of COVID-19: A scoping review
CF Drane, L Vernon, S O'Shea - The Australian Educational Researcher, 2021 - Springer
… best ways to support vulnerable students to continue their … vulnerable student populations
within the existing national school system. It explores possible consequences for vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：145 相关文章 所有 14 个版本
[PDF] wiley.com
Who is vulnerable to energy poverty in the Global North, and what is their experience?
L Middlemiss - Wiley Interdisciplinary Reviews: Energy and …, 2022 - Wiley Online Library
… the impacts of environmental policy on more vulnerable citizens. A just transition is highly …
, in doing so characterizing who tends to be vulnerable to this problem, and painting a picture …
保存 引用 被引用次数：55 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
[HTML] Rethinking the use of 'vulnerable'
SC Munari, AN Wilson, NJ Blow… - Australian and New …, 2021 - ncbi.nlm.nih.gov
… term,‘vulnerable’. It is important instead to ask ourselves,‘Who are the vulnerable and why?’;
that is,‘… If we accept the premise that a vulnerable population exists, does that mean that an …
保存 引用 被引用次数：42 相关文章 所有 12 个版本
相关搜索
vulnerable populationsvulnerable groupsvulnerable narcissismvulnerable safeguardingvulnerable plaquevulnerable witnessesvulnerable populations in healthcarevulnerable users
[HTML] nih.gov
Urbanization and vulnerable employment: Empirical evidence from 163 countries in 1991–2019
M Chen, X Huang, J Cheng, Z Tang, G Huang - Cities, 2023 - Elsevier
… and vulnerable employment, and explores the role urbanization plays in vulnerable …
the rate of urbanization and that of vulnerable employment, and the examples of G7 and …
保存 引用 被引用次数：23 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[HTML] nature.com
Full View
[HTML] The effects of genetic and modifiable risk factors on brain regions vulnerable to ageing and disease
J Manuello, J Min, P McCarthy… - Nature …, 2024 - nature.com
We have previously identified a network of higher-order brain regions particularly vulnerable
to the ageing process, schizophrenia and Alzheimer’s disease. However, it remains …
保存 引用 被引用次数：3 相关文章 所有 12 个版本
What makes firms vulnerable to the Russia–Ukraine crisis?
W Abbassi, V Kumari, DK Pandey - The Journal of Risk Finance, 2022 - emerald.com
What makes firms vulnerable to the Russia–Ukraine crisis? | Emerald Insight … What makes
firms vulnerable to the Russia–Ukraine crisis? … and Pandey, DK (2023), "What makes …
保存 引用 被引用次数：113 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[PDF] tandfonline.com
Benefits of nostalgia in vulnerable populations
T Wildschut, C Sedikides - European Review of Social Psychology, 2023 - Taylor & Francis
The COVID-19 pandemic has triggered and exacerbated psychological distress, and
exposed psychological vulnerabilities, in large swathes of the population. Under challenging …
保存 引用 被引用次数：31 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[HTML] springer.com
[HTML] Research on vulnerable people and digital inclusion: toward a consolidated taxonomical framework
M Perez-Escolar, F Canet - Universal access in the information society, 2023 - Springer
… represent an asset to help vulnerable people to bridge inequalities. … on vulnerable people
and digital inclusion. Second, we propose a taxonomy to frame the phenomenon of vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：58 相关文章 所有 9 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
Are high-density districts more vulnerable to the COVID-19 pandemic?
AR Khavarian-Garmsir, A Sharifi… - Sustainable Cities and …, 2021 - Elsevier
… income people are more vulnerable to this pandemic, the difference in age composition has
made high-income people living in the northern districts also vulnerable. While more people …
保存 引用 被引用次数：129 相关文章 所有 7 个版本
Molecular characterization of selectively vulnerable neurons in Alzheimer's disease
K Leng, E Li, R Eser, A Piergies, R Sit, M Tan… - Nature …, 2021 - nature.com
… To identify and characterize selectively vulnerable neuronal … We identified RORB as a
marker of selectively vulnerable … Our characterization of selectively vulnerable neurons in AD …
保存 引用 被引用次数：289 相关文章 所有 13 个版本
[引用] Vulnerable populations in the United States
L Shi, GD Stevens - 2021 - John Wiley & Sons
保存 引用 被引用次数：314 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
Vulnerable populations with psychological disorders in tourism: Methodological challenges and recommended solutions for empirical research
D Zheng, J Wen, M Kozak, I Phau, H Hou, W Wang - Tourism Management, 2023 - Elsevier
Vulnerable groups, including travel-eligible tourists with medical conditions (eg, early- and
mid-stage dementia), represent an emerging niche market in the tourism industry that has …
保存 引用 被引用次数：13 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
[PDF] fepbl.com
Leveraging AI in case management for vulnerable migrants: A path toward enhanced resilience
AA Ediae, CF Chikwe, KN Kuteesa - Computer Science & IT Research …, 2024 - fepbl.com
… vulnerable migrants. In conclusion, the concept paper emphasizes the importance of leveraging
AI in case management for vulnerable … AI in supporting vulnerable migrants and building …
保存 引用 被引用次数：20 相关文章 所有 3 个版本 
[HTML] nih.gov
Dealing with distress from the COVID‐19 pandemic: Mental health stressors and coping strategies in vulnerable Latinx communities
LM Garcini, J Rosenfeld, G Kneese… - Health & social care …, 2022 - Wiley Online Library
Distress secondary to the COVID‐19 pandemic has been substantial, especially in vulnerable
Latinx communities who are carrying an undue share of the pandemic‐related social, …
保存 引用 被引用次数：87 相关文章 所有 11 个版本
The poorest and most vulnerable communities should be the first to be vaccinated
S Berkley - Nature Medicine, 2023 - nature.com
… The biggest gains in global health will be achieved by identifying those vulnerable
communities that are usually the last to be reached — and putting them first. Among the …
保存 引用 被引用次数：3 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
[PDF] researchgate.net
Marketing bank services to financially vulnerable customers: evidence from an emerging economy
E Mogaji, O Adeola, RE Hinson, NP Nguyen… - International Journal of …, 2021 - emerald.com
Purpose This study aims to explore how banks in Nigeria are marketing financial services to
financially vulnerable customers. Design/methodology/approach A multiple case study …
保存 引用 被引用次数：74 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[PDF] researchgate.net
Are the European Union stock markets vulnerable to the Russia–Ukraine war?
V Kumari, G Kumar, DK Pandey - Journal of Behavioral and Experimental …, 2023 - Elsevier
This study examines the market reaction to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine on the
leading European Union stock market indices employing the event study method, cross-…
保存 引用 被引用次数：94 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[PDF] imf.org
[图书] Surging energy prices in Europe in the aftermath of the war: How to support the vulnerable and speed up the transition away from fossil fuels
MA Ari, MN Arregui, MS Black, O Celasun, MDM Iakova… - 2022 - books.google.com
We estimate that the recent surge in international fossil fuel prices will raise European
households’ cost of living in 2022 by close to 7 percent of consumption on average. Household …
保存 引用 被引用次数：155 相关文章 所有 13 个版本
[PDF] tuni.fi
Biological and pathological mechanisms leading to the birth of a small vulnerable newborn
PJ Hunter, T Awoyemi, AI Ayede, RM Chico, AL David… - The Lancet, 2023 - thelancet.com
The pathway to a thriving newborn begins before conception and continues in utero with a
healthy placenta and the right balance of nutrients and growth factors that are timed and …
保存 引用 被引用次数：22 相关文章 所有 10 个版本
[HTML] Surge in global metal mining threatens vulnerable ecosystems
S Luckeneder, S Giljum, A Schaffartzik, V Maus… - Global Environmental …, 2021 - Elsevier
… By highlighting that these are especially vulnerable areas, it is not our intention to suggest
that mining should be expanding “elsewhere”, in areas that are supposedly less vulnerable. …
保存 引用 被引用次数：114 相关文章 所有 10 个版本
[PDF] facetsjournal.com
The impact of COVID-19 on the learning and achievement of vulnerable Canadian children and youth
J Whitley, MH Beauchamp, C Brown - Facets, 2021 - facetsjournal.com
… Existing inequities in educational outcomes experienced by vulnerable … on vulnerable
children and youth and provides recommendations to guide postpandemic planning. Vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：92 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
The impact of COVID-19 on vulnerable populations and implications for children and health care policy
RM Siegel, PJ Mallow - Clinical Pediatrics, 2021 - journals.sagepub.com
… an excess burden of disease in vulnerable populations. 1 The clinical … vulnerable to the
effects of COVID-19. While there is no accepted clinical or research definition of vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：61 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
From vocational scholars to social justice advocates: Challenges and opportunities for vocational psychology research on the vulnerable workforce
SLD Restubog, CM Deen, A Decoste, Y He - Journal of Vocational …, 2021 - Elsevier
… increased scholarship on understudied vulnerable workers including 1… vulnerable workers
from vulnerable work, and offering an interactionist perspective in conceptualizing vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：31 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
Younger people are more vulnerable to stress, anxiety and depression during COVID-19 pandemic: A global cross-sectional survey
P Varma, M Junge, H Meaklim, ML Jackson - Progress in Neuro …, 2021 - Elsevier
… distress and its effects upon vulnerable groups. Exploration of … distress and support vulnerable
groups. Therefore, this study … age-groups were more vulnerable to stress, depression and …
保存 引用 被引用次数：720 相关文章 所有 10 个版本
[PDF] ersjournals.com
Free from Publisher
Influenza vaccination: protecting the most vulnerable
AR Tanner, RB Dorey, NJ Brendish… - European Respiratory …, 2021 - Eur Respiratory Soc
… In conclusion, vaccination is currently advised for vulnerable groups, including children and
… to prevent disease in this immunologically vulnerable population. Further research into the …
保存 引用 被引用次数：56 相关文章 所有 11 个版本
[PDF] fragmenta.cat
[图书] La condición vulnerable
JC Mèlich - 2022 - fragmenta.cat
La condición humana es vulnerable porque ciertas experiencias que Joan-Carles Mèlich
atribuye a la'finitud'-como la muerte, el sufrimiento, la crueldad o la pérdida-son ineludibles en …
保存 引用 被引用次数：6 相关文章 
[HTML] springer.com
Full View
[HTML] Towards digital health equity-a qualitative study of the challenges experienced by vulnerable groups in using digital health services in the COVID-19 era
AM Kaihlanen, L Virtanen, U Buchert, N Safarov… - BMC health services …, 2022 - Springer
… , which can place many vulnerable groups at risk of digital … vulnerable groups from benefiting
from digital health services. This study examined the challenges experienced by vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：134 相关文章 所有 28 个版本
[PDF] researchgate.net
Vulnerable citizens: will co-production make a difference?
T Brandsen - The Palgrave handbook of co-production of public …, 2021 - Springer
… vulnerable people in particular. The chapter assesses how realistic that is, by discussing how
co-production changes the conditions that discourage vulnerable … of involving vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：38 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
[图书] The vulnerable observer: Anthropology that breaks your heart
R Behar - 2022 - books.google.com
… reflects on the groundbreaking impact The Vulnerable Observer has had on anthropology, …
In a move revolutionary for its time, The Vulnerable Observer proposed a new theory and …
保存 引用 被引用次数：5247 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
Diversevul: A new vulnerable source code dataset for deep learning based vulnerability detection
Y Chen, Z Ding, L Alowain, X Chen… - Proceedings of the 26th …, 2023 - dl.acm.org
… We propose and release a new vulnerable source code dataset. We curate the dataset by
… 18,945 vulnerable functions spanning 150 CWEs and 330,492 non-vulnerable functions …
保存 引用 被引用次数：53 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
Vulnerable supply chains: Interim report
Productivity Commission - 2021 - policycommons.net
Australia’s supply chains proved generally resilient in response to the COVID-19 pandemic,
but the experience with COVID-19, following the devastating 2019-20 bushfires has …
保存 引用 被引用次数：35 相关文章 所有 3 个版本 
[HTML] springer.com
[HTML] The importance of urban areas in supporting vulnerable and endangered mammals
Z Boakes, R Stafford, I Bramer, M Cvitanović… - Urban …, 2024 - Springer
… of five of the vulnerable and endangered species recorded in this study. These included
the European rabbit (vulnerable on the IUCN red list), hazel dormouse (vulnerable on the UK …
保存 引用 被引用次数：3 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
What influences vulnerable road users' perceptions of autonomous vehicles? A comparative analysis of the 2017 and 2019 Pittsburgh surveys
Y Xing, H Zhou, X Han, M Zhang, J Lu - Technological Forecasting and …, 2022 - Elsevier
… and safety of vulnerable road users in AV testing. … vulnerable road users’ perceptions of
AVs in Pittsburgh in 2017 and 2019. The compared perceptions primarily include vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：40 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
Vulnerable narcissistic leadership meets Covid-19: the relationship between vulnerable narcissistic leader behaviour and subsequent follower irritation
B Schyns, IK Gauglitz, S Gilmore… - European Journal of …, 2023 - Taylor & Francis
… We therefore focus on vulnerable narcissism in this study, as vulnerable narcissism is
relatively under-researched domain in leadership studies compared to grandiose narcissism (…
保存 引用 被引用次数：2 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[HTML] sciencedirect.com
[HTML] Fighting misinformation among the most vulnerable users
NM Brashier - Current Opinion in Psychology, 2024 - Elsevier
Misinformation undermines trust in the integrity of democratic elections, the safety of vaccines,
and the authenticity of footage from war zones. Social scientists have proposed many …
保存 引用 被引用次数：1 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
[HTML] jamanetwork.com
Bridging the digital divide to avoid leaving the most vulnerable behind
NW Eyrich, JJ Andino, DP Fessell - JAMA surgery, 2021 - jamanetwork.com
… vulnerable populations; the COVID-19 pandemic has undoubtedly redefined what it means
to be vulnerable in … How can we move forward while not leaving the most vulnerable behind? …
保存 引用 被引用次数：44 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
[PDF] exeter.ac.uk
Ethical considerations and challenges for using digital ethnography to research vulnerable populations
A Thompson, L Stringfellow, M Maclean… - Journal of Business …, 2021 - Elsevier
… consumers within our unit of analysis are categorised as vulnerable? Alternatively, do we
only consider participants as vulnerable when they actually experience vulnerability? We can …
保存 引用 被引用次数：81 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[PDF] cgiar.org
Rethinking resilient agriculture: From climate-smart agriculture to vulnerable-smart agriculture
H Azadi, SM Moghaddam, S Burkart… - Journal of Cleaner …, 2021 - Elsevier
Climate-Smart Agriculture (CSA) is seeking to overcome the food security problem and develop
rural livelihoods while minimizing negative impacts on the environment. However, when …
保存 引用 被引用次数：120 相关文章 所有 9 个版本
[HTML] sciencedirect.com
[HTML] Mitigating the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on vulnerable populations: Lessons for improving health and social equity
SY Tan, C De Foo, M Verma, P Hanvoravongchai… - Social Science & …, 2023 - Elsevier
… to support vulnerable populations during the … vulnerable populations such as migrant
workers, sex workers, prisoners, older persons and school-going children. Prioritising vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：15 相关文章 所有 11 个版本
[HTML] Gender and vulnerable employment in the developing world: Evidence from global microdata
MCL Bue, TTN Le, MS Silva, K Sen - World Development, 2022 - Elsevier
… In this article, our primary employment indicator is vulnerable employment, as defined by
the International Labour Organization (ILO). Vulnerable employment was one of the four key …
保存 引用 被引用次数：30 相关文章 所有 12 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
A rapid scoping review of COVID‐19 and vulnerable workers: Intersecting occupational and public health issues
D Côté, S Durant, E MacEachen… - American Journal of …, 2021 - Wiley Online Library
Background This article reports the results of a rapid scoping review of the literature on
COVID‐19 transmission risk to workers in essential sectors such as retail, health care, …
保存 引用 被引用次数：58 相关文章 所有 8 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
More vulnerable? The life story approach highlights older people's potential for strength during the pandemic
M Lind, S Bluck, DP McAdams - The Journals of Gerontology …, 2021 - academic.oup.com
Objectives Older adults have repeatedly been referred to as more physically vulnerable during
the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic, however, is not only about becoming physically …
保存 引用 被引用次数：106 相关文章 所有 17 个版本
Pesticides are the dominant stressors for vulnerable insects in lowland streams
M Liess, L Liebmann, P Vormeier, O Weisner… - Water Research, 2021 - Elsevier
Despite elaborate regulation of agricultural pesticides, their occurrence in non-target areas
has been linked to adverse ecological effects on insects in several field investigations. Their …
保存 引用 被引用次数：146 相关文章 所有 7 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
Clinical and functional effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and social distancing on vulnerable veterans with psychosis or recent homelessness
JK Wynn, A McCleery, D Novacek, EA Reavis… - Journal of psychiatric …, 2021 - Elsevier
… vulnerable individuals. Within the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) healthcare system, two
vulnerable … of the pandemic, but vulnerable Veterans were not disproportionately affected …
保存 引用 被引用次数：23 相关文章 所有 12 个版本
[HTML] sciencedirect.com
[HTML] Vulnerable road users and the coming wave of automated vehicles: Expert perspectives
W Tabone, J De Winter, C Ackermann… - Transportation research …, 2021 - Elsevier
… I believe that AVs and vulnerable road users such as pedestrians and cyclists should not
encounter vehicles driving at high speeds and violating traffic rules. This can be achieved …
保存 引用 被引用次数：150 相关文章 所有 14 个版本
[图书] Communicating with Vulnerable Patients: A Novel Psychological Approach
MLCF Franieck, N Bittner - 2022 - api.taylorfrancis.com
… Vulnerable Patients explores ways to improve the communication process between highly
vulnerable … In this space, the therapist and highly vulnerable patients can undergo transitional …
保存 引用 被引用次数：9 相关文章 所有 2 个版本
[HTML] mdpi.com
[HTML] The educational digital divide for vulnerable students in the pandemic: Towards the New Agenda 2030
H Norman, NH Adnan, N Nordin, M Ally, A Tsinakos - Sustainability, 2022 - mdpi.com
… vulnerable students to be further digitally displaced. In efforts to mitigate this issue, various
strategies have been used to cater for the educational digital divide of vulnerable … vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：20 相关文章 所有 7 个版本 
[HTML] sciencedirect.com
[HTML] Are environmentally friendly firms more vulnerable during the COVID-19 pandemic?
D Zhang, Y Fang - Journal of Cleaner Production, 2022 - Elsevier
The COVID-19 pandemic has affected supply and demand to a large extent. Declining
demand for firms' output has caused significant financial stress for all kinds of firms worldwide. …
保存 引用 被引用次数：22 相关文章 所有 10 个版本
Introduction on design for vulnerable communities
T Cattaneo, E Giorgi, AMF Herrera… - Design for Vulnerable …, 2022 - Springer
… “vulnerable.” Dictionaries are quite uniform in providing definitions of the terms “vulnerable” …
as follows, and we think interesting to include as first the etymology of the word “vulnerable”: …
保存 引用 被引用次数：6 相关文章 所有 2 个版本
[HTML] Safeguarding people living in vulnerable conditions in the COVID-19 era through universal health coverage and social protection
GC Barron, G Laryea-Adjei, V Vike-Freiberga… - The Lancet Public …, 2022 - thelancet.com
… has further exacerbated the negative situations of vulnerable populations (ie, those living in
… , address current inequality gaps, and enhance the resilience of vulnerable communities. …
保存 引用 被引用次数：100 相关文章 所有 21 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
Structurally vulnerable neighbourhood environments and racial/ethnic COVID-19 inequities
RL Berkowitz, X Gao, EK Michaels, MS Mujahid - Cities & health, 2021 - Taylor & Francis
… This commentary examines how structurally vulnerable neighbourhoods contribute to
racial/ethnic inequities in SARS-COV-2 exposure and COVID-19 morbidity and mortality and …
保存 引用 被引用次数：102 相关文章 所有 10 个版本
A dynamic emergency planning system for relocating vulnerable people to safe shelters in response to heat waves
M Yazdani, M Haghani - Expert Systems with Applications, 2023 - Elsevier
… method to facilitate the rapid relocation of vulnerable people to designated shelters in order
to … for countries with urban areas that are particularly vulnerable to climate change effects. …
保存 引用 被引用次数：14 相关文章 所有 2 个版本
[PDF] researchgate.net
Roadmap on the use of artificial intelligence for imaging of vulnerable atherosclerotic plaque in coronary arteries
B Föllmer, MC Williams, D Dey… - Nature Reviews …, 2024 - nature.com
… the identification and analysis of vulnerable or high-risk … the assessment of images of
vulnerable plaque in coronary … of AI to the imaging of vulnerable plaque in coronary arteries …
保存 引用 被引用次数：16 相关文章 所有 11 个版本
Extreme weather should be defined according to impacts on climate-vulnerable communities
SC Winter, MR Winter, LN Plaxico… - Nature Climate …, 2024 - nature.com
Climate change and related extreme weather events (EWEs) are expected to widen social
and health inequalities. Yet, EWE thresholds and associated adaptation strategies do not …
保存 引用 被引用次数：1 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
[PDF] researchgate.net
Transformative service research methodologies for vulnerable participants
S Dodds, J Finsterwalder, G Prayag… - … Journal of Market …, 2023 - journals.sagepub.com
Understanding vulnerable consumers when conducting Transformative Service Research (TSR)
is essential but these consumers and their contexts are often complex and difficult to …
保存 引用 被引用次数：10 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[PDF] yasar.edu.tr
Which households are more energy vulnerable? Energy poverty and financial inclusion in Turkey
E Dogan, M Madaleno, D Taskin - Energy Economics, 2021 - Elsevier
This study examines the effects of financial inclusion on energy poverty using the 2018
Turkish Household Budget and Consumption Expenditure Surveys. The study adopts three …
保存 引用 被引用次数：131 相关文章 所有 9 个版本
[PDF] cell.com
[PDF] Anatomical barriers against SARS-CoV-2 neuroinvasion at vulnerable interfaces visualized in deceased COVID-19 patients
M Khan, M Clijsters, S Choi, W Backaert, M Claerhout… - Neuron, 2022 - cell.com
Can SARS-CoV-2 hitchhike on the olfactory projection and take a direct and short route from
the nose into the brain? We reasoned that the neurotropic or neuroinvasive capacity of the …
保存 引用 被引用次数：38 相关文章 所有 14 个版本
Identification of vulnerable plaques and patients by intracoronary near-infrared spectroscopy and ultrasound (PROSPECT II): a prospective natural history study
D Erlinge, A Maehara, O Ben-Yehuda, HE Bøtker… - The Lancet, 2021 - thelancet.com
Background Near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) and intravascular ultrasound are promising
imaging modalities to identify non-obstructive plaques likely to cause coronary-related events…
保存 引用 被引用次数：284 相关文章 所有 14 个版本
[PDF] google.com
Protecting the vulnerable: Dimensions of assisted digital access
L Coles-Kemp, N Robinson, CPR Heath - Proceedings of the ACM on …, 2022 - dl.acm.org
… The Vulnerable Voluntary and third sector organisations have an important role in protecting
the vulnerable … Providing education and support to vulnerable people in these situations …
保存 引用 被引用次数：10 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
Structurally Diverse Triterpene-26-oic Acids as Potential Dual ACL and ACC1 Inhibitors from the Vulnerable Conifer Keteleeria fortunei
ZY Zhao, YP Tong, W Jiang, Y Zang… - Journal of Natural …, 2023 - ACS Publications
A preliminary phytochemical investigation on the 90% MeOH extract from the twigs and
needles of the vulnerable conifer Keteleeria fortunei led to the isolation and characterization of …
保存 引用 被引用次数：5 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
[HTML] mdpi.com
[HTML] Detection of vulnerable coronary plaques using invasive and non-invasive imaging modalities
A van Veelen, NMR van der Sangen, R Delewi… - Journal of clinical …, 2022 - mdpi.com
… are able to detect the vulnerable plaques. The imaging modalities each specifically visualize
different vulnerable plaque features. The gold standard for vulnerable plaque detection is …
保存 引用 被引用次数：30 相关文章 所有 8 个版本 
Park availability, accessibility, and attractiveness in relation to the least and most vulnerable inhabitants
M Biernacka, E Łaszkiewicz, J Kronenberg - Urban Forestry & Urban …, 2022 - Elsevier
… vulnerable groups of inhabitants concentrate around parks whose provision is affected by the
largest number of barriers at each of the three levels, while the least vulnerable … vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：18 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
Controlling large language models to generate secure and vulnerable code
J He, M Vechev - arXiv e-prints, 2023 - ui.adsabs.harvard.edu
… As a result, LMs produce secure or vulnerable programs with … if the LM generates secure
or vulnerable code. We propose … generate secure (resp., vulnerable) programs, the chance is …
保存 引用 被引用次数：16 相关文章
[HTML] nature.com
[HTML] KRAS is vulnerable to reversible switch-II pocket engagement in cells
JD Vasta, DM Peacock, Q Zheng, JA Walker… - Nature chemical …, 2022 - nature.com
Current small-molecule inhibitors of KRAS(G12C) bind irreversibly in the switch-II pocket (SII-P),
exploiting the strong nucleophilicity of the acquired cysteine as well as the …
保存 引用 被引用次数：57 相关文章 所有 10 个版本
Preventive percutaneous coronary intervention versus optimal medical therapy alone for the treatment of vulnerable atherosclerotic coronary plaques (PREVENT): a …
SJ Park, JM Ahn, DY Kang, SC Yun, YK Ahn, WJ Kim… - The Lancet, 2024 - thelancet.com
… as vulnerable plaques), many of which are non-flow-limiting. The safety and effectiveness of
focal preventive therapy with percutaneous coronary intervention of vulnerable … vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：15 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[PDF] northumbria.ac.uk
Preying on the poor? Opportunities and challenges for tackling the social and environmental threats of cryptocurrencies for vulnerable and low-income communities
P Howson, A de Vries - Energy research & social science, 2022 - Elsevier
… In this paper we show how PoW cryptocurrencies disproportionately impact vulnerable and
developing … Some of the world’s poorest and most vulnerable people are likely to be those …
保存 引用 被引用次数：62 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
[PDF] wiley.com
Pluriversal literacies: Affect and relationality in vulnerable times
M Perry - Reading Research Quarterly, 2021 - Wiley Online Library
Through a consideration of literacies in theory and international policy, this article pushes at
the edges of existing frameworks of functional and sociocultural literacies. In critique of …
保存 引用 被引用次数：57 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[PDF] arxiv.org
SGUARD: towards fixing vulnerable smart contracts automatically
TD Nguyen, LH Pham, J Sun - 2021 IEEE Symposium on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… vulnerable traces. For instance, an arithmetic opcode which is shared by a vulnerable trace
and a non-vulnerable … The non-vulnerable trace would revert in the case of an overflow even …
保存 引用 被引用次数：53 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[HTML] springer.com
Full View
[HTML] Pain management in the most vulnerable intellectual disability: a review
SN El-Tallawy, RS Ahmed, MS Nagiub - Pain and therapy, 2023 - Springer
This review is made up of two parts; the first part discussing intellectual disability (ID) in
general, while the second part covers the pain associated with intellectual disability and the …
保存 引用 被引用次数：6 相关文章 所有 7 个版本
Hope and well-being in vulnerable contexts during the COVID-19 pandemic: Does religious coping matter?
V Counted, KI Pargament, AO Bechara… - The Journal of …, 2022 - Taylor & Francis
To identify potential protective mechanisms that might buffer the effects of the COVID-19
pandemic on well-being, the current set of studies (N Study 1 = 1172, N Study 2 = 451) …
保存 引用 被引用次数：197 相关文章 所有 9 个版本
[HTML] tandfonline.com
[HTML] Engaging vulnerable populations in the co-production of public services
G Mulvale, G Robert - International Journal of Public Administration, 2021 - Taylor & Francis
… empirical studies relating to involving vulnerable groups in the co-… delivery by describing
how vulnerable groups are currently … that characterize involvement of vulnerable groups in co-…
保存 引用 被引用次数：29 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[PDF] cell.com
Full View
[PDF] Urban tree canopy has greater cooling effects in socially vulnerable communities in the US
W Zhou, G Huang, STA Pickett, J Wang… - One Earth, 2021 - cell.com
… We find that socially vulnerable people tend to live in hotter neighborhoods with less tree
canopy. Furthermore, tree planting in such neighborhoods can achieve greater cooling benefits …
保存 引用 被引用次数：67 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
Displacement after the camp fire: Where are the most vulnerable?
J Chase, P Hansen - Society & Natural Resources, 2021 - Taylor & Francis
… address change does not likely represent the most vulnerable of survivors, IG-NCOA data
was still … As we will show, other data that is more specifically targeted to the more vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：22 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
[HTML] nature.com
[HTML] Climate hazards are threatening vulnerable migrants in Indian megacities
V Hari, S Dharmasthala, A Koppa, S Karmakar… - Nature Climate …, 2021 - nature.com
… Greater attention is needed for vulnerable new migrants who lack necessary resources …
important challenges of our time, especially for vulnerable developing countries 1 . Among these, …
保存 引用 被引用次数：31 相关文章 所有 9 个版本
[PDF] arxiv.org
Can large language models find and fix vulnerable software?
D Noever - arXiv preprint arXiv:2308.10345, 2023 - arxiv.org
In this study, we evaluated the capability of Large Language Models (LLMs), particularly
OpenAI's GPT-4, in detecting software vulnerabilities, comparing their performance against …
保存 引用 被引用次数：13 相关文章 所有 2 个版本 
[PDF] smu.edu.sg
Out of sight, out of mind? How vulnerable dependencies affect open-source projects
GAA Prana, A Sharma, LK Shar, D Foo… - Empirical Software …, 2021 - Springer
… vulnerable dependencies left unchanged due to actual lack of newer versions? How effectively
can we reduce risk due to vulnerable … better handling of vulnerable dependencies, since …
保存 引用 被引用次数：58 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
The views of ethnic minority and vulnerable communities towards participation in COVID-19 vaccine trials
W Ekezie, BM Czyznikowska, S Rohit… - Journal of Public …, 2021 - academic.oup.com
… and minority ethnic populations and vulnerable groups. 1 Ethnic … conditions, homeless
people and vulnerable migrants are also at … ethnic minority and vulnerable communities towards …
保存 引用 被引用次数：48 相关文章 所有 11 个版本
[HTML] frontiersin.org
[HTML] Job crafting: A challenge to promote decent work for vulnerable workers
A Svicher, A Di Fabio - Frontiers in Psychology, 2021 - frontiersin.org
… is having disproportionate consequences on vulnerable workers, such as unemployment …
model of decent work and their effect on vulnerable workers. Finally, possibilities for further …
保存 引用 被引用次数：57 相关文章 所有 11 个版本 
[HTML] mdpi.com
[HTML] Vulnerable road users and connected autonomous vehicles interaction: A survey
A Reyes-Muñoz, J Guerrero-Ibáñez - Sensors, 2022 - mdpi.com
… traffic ecosystem known as Vulnerable Road Users (VRUs). … road specifically to the most
vulnerable. One of the problems … analyzing the challenges of vulnerable users and proposing …
保存 引用 被引用次数：22 相关文章 所有 13 个版本 
Adoption of education technologies for learning during COVID-19 pandemic: The experiences of marginalized and vulnerable learner populations in Kenya
VO Ochieng… - International journal of …, 2023 - journals.sagepub.com
… COVID-19 pandemic among marginalized and vulnerable populations. A cross-sectional
study … The findings show that marginalized/vulnerable learner populations are still left out on …
保存 引用 被引用次数：24 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
Who are vulnerable in a tourism crisis? A tourism employment vulnerability analysis for the COVID-19 management
YY Sun, L Sie, F Faturay, I Auwalin, J Wang - Journal of Hospitality and …, 2021 - Elsevier
… , governments face the challenge of pinpointing vulnerable workers. Building upon the multi-…
a new analytical model to recognize the vulnerable population in a crisis by identifying who …
保存 引用 被引用次数：51 相关文章 所有 9 个版本
Characterization of vulnerable communities in terms of the benefits and burdens of the energy transition in Pacific Northwest cities
Y Min, HW Lee - Journal of Cleaner Production, 2023 - Elsevier
… In response, the objective of this study is to characterize vulnerable … more vulnerable in
housing attributes has 15.2% less rooftop solar adoption than the group of more vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：8 相关文章
[HTML] sciencedirect.com
[HTML] A systematic review of the lived experiences of the energy vulnerable: Where are the research gaps?
C Hihetah, BÓ Gallachóir, NP Dunphy… - Energy Research & Social …, 2024 - Elsevier
… However, vulnerable groups face unaffordable and … lived experiences of energy vulnerable
populations, focusing on … different factors that make people vulnerable to energy poverty. The …
保存 引用 相关文章 所有 2 个版本
[HTML] frontiersin.org
[HTML] The myotendinous junction—A vulnerable companion in sports. A narrative review
JR Jakobsen, MR Krogsgaard - Frontiers in Physiology, 2021 - frontiersin.org
The incidence of strain injuries continues to be high in many popular sports, especially hamstring
strain injuries in football, despite a documented important effect of eccentric exercise to …
保存 引用 被引用次数：35 相关文章 所有 7 个版本 
[PDF] academia.edu
Vulnerable populations and misinformation: A mixed-methods approach to underserved older adults' online information assessment
H Seo, M Blomberg, D Altschwager… - New Media & …, 2021 - journals.sagepub.com
This study examines how low-income African-American older adults, one of the groups most
vulnerable to misinformation online, assess the credibility of online information. In …
保存 引用 被引用次数：114 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
[PDF] mdpi.com
Long COVID in Children, Adults, and Vulnerable Populations: A Comprehensive Overview for an Integrated Approach
V Calcaterra, S Zanelli, A Foppiani, E Verduci… - Diseases, 2024 - mdpi.com
Long COVID affects both children and adults, including subjects who experienced severe,
mild, or even asymptomatic SARS-CoV-2 infection. We have provided a comprehensive …
保存 引用 被引用次数：1 相关文章 所有 7 个版本 
[PDF] springer.com
Are patients with Down syndrome vulnerable to life-threatening COVID-19?
H De Cauwer, A Spaepen - Acta Neurologica Belgica, 2021 - Springer
Patients with Down syndrome are at increased risk of respiratory syncytial virus- and H1N1-related
death. Literature on COVID-19 in Down syndrome patients is unavailable thus far. We …
保存 引用 被引用次数：47 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
[HTML] Mental health impacts of climate change among vulnerable populations globally: an integrative review
BP White, S Breakey, MJ Brown, JR Smith… - Annals of global …, 2023 - ncbi.nlm.nih.gov
… -vulnerable persons (either due to occupation or geographic location), Indigenous persons,
children, older adults, and climate migrants were among the vulnerable … health of vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：8 相关文章 所有 11 个版本
[PDF] wiley.com
Full View
Identifying key benefits and characteristics of community gardening for vulnerable populations: A systematic review
D Tracey, T Gray, N Manohar, J Kingsley… - Health & Social Care …, 2023 - Wiley Online Library
… wide range of benefits for vulnerable populations, with social … nutrition is apparent for
vulnerable populations in comparison … research into policy and practice for vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：2 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
Globalization of forest land use: Increasing threats on climate-vulnerable regions
S Kan, B Chen, G Chen - Land Use Policy, 2023 - Elsevier
Given the increasing influence of international trade on regional land use, this paper presents
a comprehensive overview of forest land use across global supply chains by means of …
保存 引用 被引用次数：1 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[PDF] wiley.com
Full View
Adaptive personalized routing for vulnerable road users
J Darko, L Folsom, N Pugh, H Park… - IET Intelligent …, 2022 - Wiley Online Library
This research presents an adaptive and personalized routing model that enables individuals
with mobility impairments to save their route preferences to a mobility assistant platform. …
保存 引用 被引用次数：15 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[HTML] sciencedirect.com
[HTML] Review of imaging biomarkers for the vulnerable carotid plaque
L Saba, N Agarwal, R Cau, C Gerosa, R Sanfilippo… - JVS-Vascular …, 2021 - Elsevier
Identification of carotid artery atherosclerosis is conventionally based on measurements of
luminal stenosis. However, histopathologic studies demonstrate considerable differences …
保存 引用 被引用次数：38 相关文章 所有 8 个版本
[HTML] springer.com
[HTML] The impact of school closure and social isolation on children in vulnerable families during COVID-19: a focus on children's reactions
L Larsen, MS Helland, T Holt - European child & adolescent psychiatry, 2022 - Springer
For children the consequences of the COVID-19 public health measures may have long-term
effects into adulthood. By exploring children’s reactions more broadly, we are better placed …
保存 引用 被引用次数：193 相关文章 所有 13 个版本
[HTML] plos.org
[HTML] Mental health among healthcare workers and other vulnerable groups during the COVID-19 pandemic and other coronavirus outbreaks: A rapid systematic …
EP Uphoff, C Lombardo, G Johnston, L Weeks… - PLoS …, 2021 - journals.plos.org
Introduction Although most countries and healthcare systems worldwide have been affected
by the COVID-19 pandemic, some groups of the population may be more vulnerable to …
保存 引用 被引用次数：109 相关文章 所有 20 个版本 
[PDF] iop.org
Full View
Fertilization strategies for abating N pollution at the scale of a highly vulnerable and diverse semi-arid agricultural region (Murcia, Spain)
A Sanz-Cobena, L Lassaletta… - Environmental …, 2023 - iopscience.iop.org
Overuse of N fertilizers in crops has induced the disruption of the N cycle, triggering the
release of reactive N (Nr) to the environment. Several EU policies have been developed to …
保存 引用 被引用次数：4 相关文章 所有 10 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
Aneuploidy renders cancer cells vulnerable to mitotic checkpoint inhibition
Y Cohen-Sharir, JM McFarland, M Abdusamad… - Nature, 2021 - nature.com
Selective targeting of aneuploid cells is an attractive strategy for cancer treatment 1 . However,
it is unclear whether aneuploidy generates any clinically relevant vulnerabilities in cancer …
保存 引用 被引用次数：165 相关文章 所有 14 个版本
[PDF] cambridge.org
Representing vulnerable populations in genetic studies: The case of the Roma
V Lipphardt, GA Rappold, M Surdu - Science in Context, 2021 - cambridge.org
Moreau (2019) has raised concerns about the use of DNA data obtained from vulnerable
populations, such as the Uighurs in China. We discuss another case, situated in Europe and …
保存 引用 被引用次数：17 相关文章 所有 13 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
Exploring the role of telehealth in providing equitable healthcare to the vulnerable patient population during COVID-19
DA Shah, D Sall, W Peng, R Sharer… - … of telemedicine and …, 2022 - journals.sagepub.com
… access to care in the URMs and vulnerable populations. We noted a statistically significant
… access to care and promoting health equity in the URM and vulnerable patient populations. …
保存 引用 被引用次数：17 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
Highway 4.0: Digitalization of highways for vulnerable road safety development with intelligent IoT sensors and machine learning
R Singh, R Sharma, SV Akram, A Gehlot, D Buddhi… - Safety science, 2021 - Elsevier
According to United Nations (UN) 2030 agenda, the transportation system needs to be
enhanced for the establishment of access to safe, affordable, accessible, and sustainable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：98 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
