Deep neural embedding for software vulnerability discovery: Comparison and optimization
X Yuan, G Lin, Y Tai, J Zhang - Security and Communication …, 2022 - Wiley Online Library
… proposed to include synthetic vulnerable functions and perform … discover that utilizing
CodeBERT as a code embedding solution yielded the best performance in terms of vulnerability …
保存 引用 被引用次数：30 相关文章 所有 9 个版本
[PDF] github.io
Empirical analysis of security vulnerabilities in python packages
M Alfadel, DE Costa, E Shihab - Empirical Software Engineering, 2023 - Springer
… Our findings show that the discovered vulnerabilities in Python packages are … the vulnerability
discovery time, in between the discovery time and publication time, or after the vulnerability …
保存 引用 被引用次数：101 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[HTML] springer.com
[HTML] Static analysis for discovering IoT vulnerabilities
P Ferrara, AK Mandal, A Cortesi, F Spoto - International Journal on …, 2021 - Springer
… rather than IoT systems), how these vulnerabilities can actually be exploited, and in which
… top seven vulnerabilities of OWASP Top 10, and we discuss which IoT Top 10 vulnerabilities …
保存 引用 被引用次数：80 相关文章 所有 10 个版本
[PDF] acm.org
CVEfixes: automated collection of vulnerabilities and their fixes from open-source software
G Bhandari, A Naseer, L Moonen - Proceedings of the 17th International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org
… discovery and repair of security vulnerabilities in source code requires comprehensive datasets
of real-life vulnerable … prehensive vulnerability dataset from Common Vulnerabilities and …
保存 引用 被引用次数：112 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
[PDF] acm.org
Vulnerability detection with fine-grained interpretationsCCF A
Y Li, S Wang, TN Nguyen - Proceedings of the 29th ACM Joint Meeting …, 2021 - dl.acm.org
… The rule-based approaches were developed to leverage known vulnerability patterns to
discover possible vulnerable code, such as FlawFinder [7], RATS [9], ITS4 [33], Checkmarx [1], …
保存 引用 被引用次数：171 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[PDF] usenix.org
Smart contract vulnerabilities: Vulnerable does not imply exploited
D Perez, B Livshits - … USENIX Security Symposium (USENIX Security 21 …, 2021 - usenix.org
… We discover that out of 23,327 vulnerable contracts worth a total of 3,124,433 ETH, 463
contracts may have been exploited for an amount of 8,487 ETH, which represents only 0.27% of …
保存 引用 被引用次数：122 相关文章 所有 6 个版本 
[PDF] smu.edu.sg
Out of sight, out of mind? How vulnerable dependencies affect open-source projects
GAA Prana, A Sharma, LK Shar, D Foo… - Empirical Software …, 2021 - Springer
… characteristics of the discovered vulnerabilities in the sampled … the relationship between
the vulnerabilities with project as well … For this analysis we list vulnerabilities discovered at the …
保存 引用 被引用次数：58 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
The rise of software vulnerability: Taxonomy of software vulnerabilities detection and machine learning approaches
H Hanif, MHNM Nasir, MF Ab Razak, A Firdaus… - Journal of Network and …, 2021 - Elsevier
… vulnerabilities as common vulnerabilities because they are frequently being targeted by
vulnerability … It allows for a more pre-emptive approach in vulnerability discovery rather than post-…
保存 引用 被引用次数：115 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
[PDF] smu.edu.sg
Finding a needle in a haystack: Automated mining of silent vulnerability fixes
J Zhou, M Pacheco, Z Wan, X Xia, D Lo… - 2021 36th IEEE/ACM …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… vulnerabilities [5], it is challenging to promptly discover … as vulnerability fixes that are not
marked as vulnerability fixes in … ) of them are for fixing vulnerabilities, indicating VulFixMiner is …
保存 引用 被引用次数：55 相关文章 所有 7 个版本
[PDF] arxiv.org
Deep learning based vulnerability detection: Are we there yet?CCF A
S Chakraborty, R Krishna, Y Ding… - IEEE Transactions on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… in discovering vulnerability as yet unseen in past training data. For discovering such …
prediction tool that addresses the concerns we discovered in existing systems and demonstrate its …
保存 引用 被引用次数：410 相关文章 所有 10 个版本
Vuldeelocator: a deep learning-based fine-grained vulnerability detector
Z Li, D Zou, S Xu, Z Chen, Y Zhu… - IEEE Transactions on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… Finally, we map the vulnerable iSeVCs and the vulnerable lines of code in them to source
… Mounier, “Toward large-scale vulnerability discovery using machine learning,” in Proc. 6th …
保存 引用 被引用次数：183 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[PDF] arxiv.org
The race to the vulnerable: Measuring the log4j shell incident
R Hiesgen, M Nawrocki, TC Schmidt… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2022 - arxiv.org
… attempting to exploit vulnerable services, researchers who want to examine and analyze,
and the security industry, which wants to discover and close vulnerable services before they …
保存 引用 被引用次数：48 相关文章 所有 12 个版本 
[HTML] mdpi.com
[HTML] The kinase chemogenomic set (KCGS): an open science resource for kinase vulnerability identification
CI Wells, H Al-Ali, DM Andrews, CRM Asquith… - International journal of …, 2021 - mdpi.com
… We will determine Kd values for new kinase hits for all KCGS version 1.0 compounds
discovered with this new screening. If compounds fall outside our desired selectivity window, they …
保存 引用 被引用次数：80 相关文章 所有 18 个版本 
[PDF] arxiv.org
D2a: A dataset built for ai-based vulnerability detection methods using differential analysis
Y Zheng, S Pujar, B Lewis, L Buratti… - 2021 IEEE/ACM …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… programming errors and security vulnerabilities. Research has … can achieve better coverage
and discover bugs that are missed … vulnerability detection requires large labeled datasets of …
保存 引用 被引用次数：109 相关文章 所有 9 个版本
[PDF] authorea.com
Cyber security threats, vulnerabilities, and security solutions models in banking
D Ghelani, TK Hua, SKR Koduru - Authorea Preprints, 2022 - authorea.com
… It is a frequent vulnerability discovered in current Web pages. Vicious assaults are … Malware
patterns are discovered using the Dynamic Approach while executing code in a real-time …
保存 引用 被引用次数：138 相关文章 所有 4 个版本 
[PDF] researchgate.net
[引用] A game theory method to cyber-threat information sharing in cloud computing technology
M Amini, Z Bozorgasl - … Journal of Information System Management System, 2023
保存 引用 被引用次数：87 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
[PDF] researchgate.net
Prediction of software vulnerability based deep symbiotic genetic algorithms: Phenotyping of dominant-features
CB Şahin, ÖB Dinler, L Abualigah - Applied Intelligence, 2021 - Springer
… on applying deep learning for vulnerability discovery are at a more coarse granularity (eg,
function level). VulDeePecker demonstrates the feasibility of using deep learning to detect …
保存 引用 被引用次数：45 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
Molecular characterization of selectively vulnerable neurons in Alzheimer's disease
K Leng, E Li, R Eser, A Piergies, R Sit, M Tan… - Nature …, 2021 - nature.com
… We discovered a selectively vulnerable subpopulation of excitatory neurons in the EC and
validated the selective depletion of this subpopulation during AD progression with quantitative …
保存 引用 被引用次数：289 相关文章 所有 13 个版本
Deescvhunter: A deep learning-based framework for smart contract vulnerability detection
X Yu, H Zhao, B Hou, Z Ying… - 2021 International Joint …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… vulnerabilities: reentrancy and time dependence. And we propose a novel notion of Vulnerability
… is a compelling need to discover and detect smart contract vulnerabilities in advance. …
保存 引用 被引用次数：52 相关文章
[HTML] nih.gov
Phenotypic drug discovery: recent successes, lessons learned and new directions
F Vincent, A Nueda, J Lee, M Schenone… - … Drug Discovery, 2022 - nature.com
… discovered through observation of their effects on normal or disease physiology. For the
past generation, this phenotypic drug discovery … , modern phenotypic drug discovery, which …
保存 引用 被引用次数：134 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
Combining graph neural networks with expert knowledge for smart contract vulnerability detection
Z Liu, P Qian, X Wang, Y Zhuang… - IEEE Transactions on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… This case is not isolated and several security vulnerabilities are discovered and exploited
every few months [13], [14], [15], undermining the trust for smart contract-based applications. …
保存 引用 被引用次数：199 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[PDF] cell.com
Full View
[PDF] Genome-wide gene expression tuning reveals diverse vulnerabilities of M. tuberculosis
B Bosch, MA DeJesus, NC Poulton, W Zhang… - Cell, 2021 - cell.com
… Validation of vulnerability predictions Our vulnerability estimates are predicated on the …
Our results provide a roadmap to reinvigorate target-based drug discovery in TB; all else …
保存 引用 被引用次数：153 相关文章 所有 9 个版本
[PDF] acm.org
Eth2vec: learning contract-wide code representations for vulnerability detection on ethereum smart contracts
N Ashizawa, N Yanai, JP Cruz, S Okamura - Proceedings of the 3rd ACM …, 2021 - dl.acm.org
… vulnerabilities have been discovered in the past decade. Many security analysis tools have
been created to detect such vulnerabilities, … analysis tool for vulnerability detection in smart …
保存 引用 被引用次数：97 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[PDF] usenix.org
{ÆPIC} leak: Architecturally leaking uninitialized data from the microarchitecture
P Borrello, A Kogler, M Schwarzl, M Lipp… - 31st USENIX Security …, 2022 - usenix.org
… vulnerability discovered. However, we argue that a generic mitigation of the vulnerability class
… In the blank spots, we discover ÆPIC Leak, an architectural vulnerability in the local APIC …
保存 引用 被引用次数：52 相关文章 所有 14 个版本 
[HTML] nih.gov
Ontogeny and Vulnerabilities of Drug-Tolerant Persisters in HER2+ Breast Cancer
CA Chang, J Jen, S Jiang, A Sayad, AS Mer, KR Brown… - Cancer discovery, 2022 - AACR
DTPs are implicated in resistance to anticancer therapies, but their ontogeny and vulnerabilities
remain unclear. We find that HER2 TKI-DTPs emerge from stochastically arising primed …
保存 引用 被引用次数：62 相关文章 所有 10 个版本
[PDF] cell.com
Full View
[PDF] Binary pan-cancer classes with distinct vulnerabilities defined by pro-or anti-cancer YAP/TEAD activity
JD Pearson, K Huang, M Pacal, SR McCurdy, S Lu… - Cancer Cell, 2021 - cell.com
… The discovery of contrasting vulnerabilities in YAPoff versus YAPon classes suggested that
cancer may switch binary classes to escape therapeutics. Indeed, conversion of adenocarci…
保存 引用 被引用次数：105 相关文章 所有 10 个版本
[PDF] usenix.org
{EOSAFE}: Security analysis of {EOSIO} smart contracts
N He, R Zhang, H Wang, L Wu, X Luo, Y Guo… - 30th USENIX Security …, 2021 - usenix.org
… vulnerabilities discovered so far are more complicated than traditional simple vulnerabilities,
… Note that these four vulnerabilities we studied are general vulnerabilities in EOSIO, rather …
保存 引用 被引用次数：68 相关文章 所有 10 个版本 
[PDF] wingtecher.com
Empirical evaluation of smart contract testing: What is the best choice?
M Ren, Z Yin, F Ma, Z Xu, Y Jiang, C Sun, H Li… - Proceedings of the 30th …, 2021 - dl.acm.org
… influence on the number of discovered vulnerabilities. As to performance metrics, the
fundamental purpose of testing tools is to find real and harmful vulnerabilities. In this work, we …
保存 引用 被引用次数：64 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
[PDF] arxiv.org
Linevd: Statement-level vulnerability detection using graph neural networksCCF C
D Hin, A Kan, H Chen, MA Babar - Proceedings of the 19th international …, 2022 - dl.acm.org
… the statement-level software vulnerability detection task from a … formulates statement-level
vulnerability detection as a node … the prediction performance without vulnerability status for …
保存 引用 被引用次数：123 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
Vulnerability exploitation time prediction: an integrated framework for dynamic imbalanced learning
J Yin, MJ Tang, J Cao, H Wang, M You, Y Lin - World Wide Web, 2022 - Springer
… of cybersecurity vulnerabilities are discovered and published … patching the countless disclosed
vulnerabilities, due to relatively … coverage (patching as many vulnerabilities as they can to …
保存 引用 被引用次数：63 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
Vulrepair: a t5-based automated software vulnerability repairCCF A
M Fu, C Tantithamthavorn, T Le, V Nguyen… - Proceedings of the 30th …, 2022 - dl.acm.org
… In particular, criminal groups may make use of unresolved security vulnerabilities in … of the
National Vulnerability Database (NVD), the number of vulnerabilities discovered per year is …
保存 引用 被引用次数：98 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[PDF] usenix.org
Dos and don'ts of machine learning in computer security
D Arp, E Quiring, F Pendlebury, A Warnecke… - 31st USENIX Security …, 2022 - usenix.org
… Since the manual search for vulnerabilities is complex and … In what follows, we show that a
dataset for vulnerability … and malware detection to vulnerability discovery. Ultimately, we strive …
保存 引用 被引用次数：310 相关文章 所有 25 个版本 
[PDF] wiley.com
Full View
A review on security threats, vulnerabilities, and counter measures of 5G enabled Internet‐of‐Medical‐Things
MK Hasan, TM Ghazal, RA Saeed… - IET …, 2022 - Wiley Online Library
… It has been discovered that IoMT is vulnerable to various types of attacks, including
denial of service (DoS), malware, and eavesdropping attack. In addition, IoMT is exposed to …
保存 引用 被引用次数：175 相关文章 所有 9 个版本
[PDF] ieee.org
Perspectives on the SolarWinds incident
S Peisert, B Schneier, H Okhravi… - IEEE Security & …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… A significant cybersecurity event has recently been discovered in which malicious actors …
Numerous recent vulnerabilities discovered in security software further highlight this tradeoff.…
保存 引用 被引用次数：76 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[PDF] usenix.org
{SmarTest}: Effectively hunting vulnerable transaction sequences in smart contracts through language {Model-Guided} symbolic execution
S So, S Hong, H Oh - … USENIX Security Symposium (USENIX Security 21 …, 2021 - usenix.org
… vulnerable contracts, our technique automatically learns a probability distribution over
vulnerable … Then, symbolic execution guided by the learned model can effectively find vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：77 相关文章 所有 9 个版本 
[HTML] sciencedirect.com
[HTML] Unveiling security, privacy, and ethical concerns of ChatGPT
X Wu, R Duan, J Ni - Journal of Information and Intelligence, 2024 - Elsevier
… discovering vulnerabilities. While there are concerns about how ChatGPT can assist hackers,
it should be noted that its capabilities are still limited. Currently, it may be considered not …
保存 引用 被引用次数：75 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
[PDF] google.com
Understanding digital transformation in advanced manufacturing and engineering: A bibliometric analysis, topic modeling and research trend discovery
CH Lee, CL Liu, AJC Trappey, JPT Mo… - Advanced Engineering …, 2021 - Elsevier
… to develop predictive models, discover patterns, and inform … System vulnerabilities or security
vulnerabilities are likely to … , and system vulnerability-discovering tools are effective security …
保存 引用 被引用次数：94 相关文章 所有 7 个版本
Mobile operating system (Android) vulnerability analysis using machine learning
V Mahor, K Pachlasiya, B Garg, M Chouhan… - … Conference on Network …, 2021 - Springer
… AMD: android malware detection (analysis) approaches, including signature-based on
detection for power use monitoring, may miss new malicious infections and vulnerable activities. …
保存 引用 被引用次数：75 相关文章 所有 2 个版本
[HTML] nature.com
[HTML] Exploiting vulnerabilities of SWI/SNF chromatin remodelling complexes for cancer therapy
M Wanior, A Krämer, S Knapp, AC Joerger - Oncogene, 2021 - nature.com
… -dependent chromatin remodelling complexes have been discovered in mammalians: ISWI,
… The discovery of SWI/SNF chromatin remodellers and their evolutionary history have been …
保存 引用 被引用次数：81 相关文章 所有 9 个版本
[HTML] mdpi.com
[HTML] A comprehensive review of cyber security vulnerabilities, threats, attacks, and solutions
Ö Aslan, SS Aktuğ, M Ozkan-Okay, AA Yilmaz, E Akin - Electronics, 2023 - mdpi.com
… before the attackers and give chances to patch the discovered vulnerabilities. To effectively
protect computer systems, all the tools mentioned above, protocols, and technologies (Figure …
保存 引用 被引用次数：133 相关文章 所有 5 个版本 
Fuzzing: a survey for roadmap
X Zhu, S Wen, S Camtepe, Y Xiang - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2022 - dl.acm.org
… Fuzzing has detected thousands of bugs and vulnerabilities in various applications. Although
… vulnerabilities more effectively and efficiently. Until now, fuzzing has discovered thousands …
保存 引用 被引用次数：143 相关文章 所有 2 个版本
[PDF] adamdoupe.com
[PDF] Favocado: Fuzzing the Binding Code of JavaScript Engines Using Semantically Correct Test Cases.
ST Dinh, H Cho, K Martin, A Oest, K Zeng… - NDSS, 2021 - adamdoupe.com
… To illustrate how Favocado finds vulnerabilities in binding code, we introduce four real-world
vulnerabilities discovered by Favocado. Given JavaScript snippets are minimized test …
保存 引用 被引用次数：45 相关文章 所有 13 个版本 
[HTML] springer.com
[HTML] Lags in the release, adoption, and propagation of npm vulnerability fixes
B Chinthanet, RG Kula, S McIntosh, T Ishio… - Empirical Software …, 2021 - Springer
… We define the vulnerability discovery as the period between the threat detection and before
the patch release. It is most likely that the fixing process starts after the CVE assessment, ie, …
保存 引用 被引用次数：65 相关文章 所有 11 个版本
[PDF] snu.ac.kr
Difuzzrtl: Differential fuzz testing to find cpu bugs
J Hur, S Song, D Kwon, E Baek, J Kim… - 2021 IEEE Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… , an RTL fuzzer specifically designed to discover CPU RTL vulnerabilities. The core ideas …
-testing approach to clearly identify an RTL vulnerability. In other words, DIFUZZRTL keeps …
保存 引用 被引用次数：77 相关文章 所有 10 个版本
[PDF] usenix.org
{UNIFUZZ}: A holistic and pragmatic {Metrics-Driven} platform for evaluating fuzzers
Y Li, S Ji, Y Chen, S Liang, WH Lee, Y Chen… - 30th USENIX Security …, 2021 - usenix.org
… should exhibit a diversity of functionalities, sizes, vulnerability types, etc. Third, from the … in
discovering bugs, each benchmark program should contain at least one vulnerability that can …
保存 引用 被引用次数：95 相关文章 所有 12 个版本 
[HTML] nature.com
Full View
[HTML] Confronting false discoveries in single-cell differential expression
JW Squair, M Gautier, C Kathe, MA Anderson… - Nature …, 2021 - nature.com
… be more vulnerable to false discoveries. To evaluate this possibility systematically, we
calculated the variability between replicates within 41 human and mouse scRNA-seq datasets. In …
保存 引用 被引用次数：427 相关文章 所有 17 个版本
Penetration testing framework for smart contract blockchain
A Bhardwaj, SBH Shah, A Shankar, M Alazab… - Peer-to-Peer Networking …, 2021 - Springer
… domain has happened primarily in the past few years along with latest cybersecurity
attacks, threat vectors and vulnerabilities discovered and exploited by Cybersecurity attackers. …
保存 引用 被引用次数：94 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
[PDF] ucsb.edu
Diane: Identifying fuzzing triggers in apps to generate under-constrained inputs for iot devices
N Redini, A Continella, D Das… - … IEEE Symposium on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… them to generate inputs for the analyzed devices, we can effectively discover vulnerabilities.
Specifically, we found 11 vulnerabilities in 5 different devices, 9 of which were previously …
保存 引用 被引用次数：64 相关文章 所有 15 个版本
[PDF] arxiv.org
The wmdp benchmark: Measuring and reducing malicious use with unlearning
N Li, A Pan, A Gopal, S Yue, D Berrios, A Gatti… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2024 - arxiv.org
… & vulnerability discovery stage, attackers use various methods to discover vulnerabilities …
To measure a model’s weaponization & vulnerability discovery abilities, we sourced questions …
保存 引用 被引用次数：9 相关文章 所有 3 个版本 
[PDF] ijcai.org
[PDF] Smart contract vulnerability detection using graph neural networksCCF none
Y Zhuang, Z Liu, P Qian, Q Liu, X Wang, Q He - Proceedings of the Twenty …, 2021 - ijcai.org
… The case is not isolated and several security vulnerabilities are discovered and exploited
every few months †. According to the statistics of SlowMist Hacked ‡, blockchain networks …
保存 引用 被引用次数：246 相关文章 所有 5 个版本 
[HTML] Role of artificial intelligence in the Internet of Things (IoT) cybersecurity
M Kuzlu, C Fair, O Guler - Discover Internet of things, 2021 - Springer
… However, devices that have been infected once are susceptible to reinfection due to having
already been discovered as being vulnerable, and reinfection can take as little as a few …
保存 引用 被引用次数：209 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
Cybersecurity for autonomous vehicles: Review of attacks and defense
K Kim, JS Kim, S Jeong, JH Park, HK Kim - Computers & security, 2021 - Elsevier
… vulnerabilities in the ECU to understand and exploit further vulnerabilities using the already
discovered … They were able to test for vulnerable discovery and security practices in …
保存 引用 被引用次数：279 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
[PDF] arxiv.org
Consumer, commercial, and industrial iot (in) security: Attack taxonomy and case studies
C Xenofontos, I Zografopoulos… - IEEE Internet of …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… The identified vulnerabilities of this incident were initially discovered between 2001 and
2013, and are included in the common vulnerabilities and exposure (CVE) database, …
保存 引用 被引用次数：135 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[PDF] usenix.org
{MIRAGE}: Mitigating {Conflict-Based} Cache Attacks with a Practical {Fully-Associative} Design
G Saileshwar, M Qureshi - 30th USENIX Security Symposium (USENIX …, 2021 - usenix.org
… 52] have proposed efficient algorithms to discover a minimal eviction-set (lines mapping
to … In this paper, we target the root cause of vulnerability to eviction-set discovery in prior …
保存 引用 被引用次数：82 相关文章 所有 8 个版本 
[PDF] uts.edu.au
Deepwukong: Statically detecting software vulnerabilities using deep graph neural network
X Cheng, H Wang, J Hua, G Xu, Y Sui - ACM Transactions on Software …, 2021 - dl.acm.org
… To further understand whether DeepWukong can successfully discover real-world emerging
vulnerabilities that are not in the SARD dataset, we evaluate DeepWukong by choosing the …
保存 引用 被引用次数：176 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[HTML] nature.com
[HTML] Targeting cancer metabolism in the era of precision oncology
ZE Stine, ZT Schug, JM Salvino, CV Dang - … reviews Drug discovery, 2022 - nature.com
… One hundred years have passed since Warburg discovered alterations in cancer … Hence,
the conceptual framework for drug design must consider the metabolic vulnerabilities of non-…
保存 引用 被引用次数：510 相关文章 所有 9 个版本
[PDF] taylorfrancis.com
How does the offense-defense balance scale?
B Garfinkel, A Dafoe - Emerging Technologies and International …, 2021 - taylorfrancis.com
… Third, we assume that, until all vulnerabilities are discovered, the number of vulnerabilities
each actor discovers grows linearly with effort. Now, let N represent total number of …
保存 引用 被引用次数：78 相关文章 所有 4 个版本 
[PDF] arxiv.org
Snipuzz: Black-box fuzzing of iot firmware via message snippet inference
X Feng, R Sun, X Zhu, M Xue, S Wen, D Liu… - Proceedings of the …, 2021 - dl.acm.org
… Even if vendors plan to fix the vulnerabilities in their products, the over-the-air patching is …
reported to have vulnerabilities [28]. It is hence crucial to discover such vulnerabilities and fix …
保存 引用 被引用次数：91 相关文章 所有 7 个版本
[HTML] usenix.org
[HTML] {FLAME}: Taming backdoors in federated learning
TD Nguyen, P Rieger, R De Viti, H Chen… - 31st USENIX Security …, 2022 - usenix.org
… In spite of their effectiveness in the context of vulnerability discovery, current state-of-the-art …
a set of vulnerability properties that can aid both static and dynamic vulnerability detection …
保存 引用 被引用次数：196 相关文章 所有 10 个版本 
[PDF] csdsafrica.org
[图书] Artificial intelligence and international security
MC Horowitz, GC Allen, E Saravalle, A Cho… - 2022 - csdsafrica.org
… to new vulnerability discovery, many cyber attacks exploit older, well-known vulnerabilities
that … can automatically test software for known cyber vulnerabilities before the new software is …
保存 引用 被引用次数：129 相关文章 所有 8 个版本 
[HTML] Advances in covalent drug discovery
L Boike, NJ Henning, DK Nomura - Nature Reviews Drug Discovery, 2022 - nature.com
… discovery, selectivity profiling and target identification. This Review showcases covalent
drug discovery … toolbox of covalent drug discovery techniques facilitates success in this field. …
保存 引用 被引用次数：274 相关文章 所有 10 个版本
[PDF] researchgate.net
Survey on smart homes: Vulnerabilities, risks, and countermeasures
B Hammi, S Zeadally, R Khatoun, J Nebhen - Computers & Security, 2022 - Elsevier
… For instance, a team of hackers recently discovered a man-in-the-middle vulnerability in a
Samsung smart refrigerator that can be exploited to steal Gmail users’ login credentials. In the …
保存 引用 被引用次数：71 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
[PDF] arxiv.org
On the just-in-time discovery of profit-generating transactions in defi protocols
L Zhou, K Qin, A Cully, B Livshits… - 2021 IEEE Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… on the vulnerability discovery of smart contracts are related to our work [10], [13], [16], [19],
[36], [38], [39], [41], [43], [45], [48], [56], [57]. Traditional smart contract vulnerabilities examined …
保存 引用 被引用次数：112 相关文章 所有 7 个版本
[PDF] sciencedirect.com
A survey on IoT platforms: Communication, security, and privacy perspectives
L Babun, K Denney, ZB Celik, P McDaniel… - Computer Networks, 2021 - Elsevier
… to discover malicious actors and compromised devices based on behavioral analysis [6]. …
Confidentiality: We evaluate how IoT platforms are vulnerable to attacks impacting the …
保存 引用 被引用次数：189 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
Pharmacologic Screening Identifies Metabolic Vulnerabilities of CD8+ T Cells
JM Drijvers, JE Gillis, T Muijlwijk, TH Nguyen… - Cancer immunology …, 2021 - AACR
… To identify specific metabolic vulnerabilities of CD8 + T cells … In addition, we discovered
that ACSL4 deficiency reduced … the discovery of cell type–specific metabolic vulnerabilities of …
保存 引用 被引用次数：96 相关文章 所有 8 个版本
[PDF] ieee.org
Cyber-physical energy systems security: Threat modeling, risk assessment, resources, metrics, and case studies
I Zografopoulos, J Ospina, X Liu, C Konstantinou - IEEE Access, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… operating conditions, discover vulnerabilities, develop security … entry points and system
vulnerabilities. Leveraging the threat … enables the system vulnerability prioritization factoring the …
保存 引用 被引用次数：207 相关文章 所有 9 个版本
[PDF] researchgate.net
[PDF] Impact of controls on data integrity and information systems
S Duggineni - Science and Technology, 2023 - researchgate.net
… validated user input, which minimized vulnerabilities in the application and properly … data
security vulnerabilities, data integrity controls and any vulnerabilities that were discovered were …
保存 引用 被引用次数：120 相关文章 
[PDF] arxiv.org
Low-resource languages jailbreak gpt-4
ZX Yong, C Menghini, SH Bach - arXiv preprint arXiv:2310.02446, 2023 - arxiv.org
… Although creators like Meta and OpenAI have made strides in mitigating safety issues [3, 29,
31, 40], we discover cross-lingual vulnerabilities in existing safety mechanisms. We find that …
保存 引用 被引用次数：71 相关文章 所有 3 个版本 
[PDF] researchgate.net
Small-molecule drug discovery in triple negative breast cancer: current situation and future directions
M Liao, J Zhang, G Wang, L Wang, J Liu… - Journal of medicinal …, 2021 - ACS Publications
… However, an ideal single-target drug discovery still faces a huge challenge. Alternatively, …
targeting TNBC vulnerabilities with small-molecule drugs for future therapeutic purposes. …
保存 引用 被引用次数：70 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[PDF] wiley.com
Full View
The Rise of “Internet of Things”: Review and Open Research Issues Related to Detection and Prevention of IoT‐Based Security Attacks
M Shafiq, Z Gu, O Cheikhrouhou… - Wireless …, 2022 - Wiley Online Library
… since there are many vulnerabilities in these devices. Many … can be used to test for
vulnerabilities in IoT devices. In Sections 7… a timely manner when vulnerabilities are discovered. It …
保存 引用 被引用次数：86 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
Meningioma DNA methylation groups identify biological drivers and therapeutic vulnerabilities
A Choudhury, ST Magill, CD Eaton, BC Prager… - Nature …, 2022 - nature.com
… discovery and validation cohorts (n = 565). b, Unsupervised hierarchical clustering of
meningiomas from the discovery … c, Kaplan–Meier curves for meningioma LFFR from the discovery …
保存 引用 被引用次数：121 相关文章 所有 11 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
Single-cell RNA analysis reveals the potential risk of organ-specific cell types vulnerable to SARS-CoV-2 infections
Z Zhang, F Cui, C Cao, Q Wang, Q Zou - Computers in biology and …, 2022 - Elsevier
… Subsequently, we utilized GeneSwitches to discover functional events during cell state
transitions [50]. Moreover, as shown in Fig. 4B, the top ten significantly changed pathways for …
保存 引用 被引用次数：92 相关文章 所有 7 个版本
Applied artificial intelligence as event horizon of cyber security
A Ali, AW Septyanto, I Chaudhary… - … for Technology and …, 2022 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… vulnerabilities are discovered daily. No application, equipment, system, or technology is
immune from security vulnerabilities, … threat could reach vulnerable systems [15]. This helps as …
保存 引用 被引用次数：131 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
[PDF] cell.com
Full View
[PDF] In vivo structural characterization of the SARS-CoV-2 RNA genome identifies host proteins vulnerable to repurposed drugs
L Sun, P Li, X Ju, J Rao, W Huang, L Ren, S Zhang… - Cell, 2021 - cell.com
… We validated several structural elements predicted in silico and discovered structural features
that affect the translation and abundance of subgenomic viral RNAs in cells. The structural …
保存 引用 被引用次数：164 相关文章 所有 12 个版本
Role of reactive oxygen species in the progression of Alzheimer's disease
S Bhatt, L Puli, CR Patil - Drug Discovery Today, 2021 - Elsevier
… the deposition of β-amyloid (Aβ) plaques and neurofibrillary tangles in vulnerable brain
regions. The vulnerability of the brain to reactive oxygen species (ROS) is now emerging as a …
保存 引用 被引用次数：105 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
[HTML] pnas.org
Ranking the risk of animal-to-human spillover for newly discovered viruses
ZL Grange, T Goldstein, CK Johnson… - Proceedings of the …, 2021 - National Acad Sciences
… stark reminders that we are vulnerable to zoonotic viral threats… as part of a virus discovery
project and public records of virus … on the recent wealth of virus discovery data to systematically …
保存 引用 被引用次数：215 相关文章 所有 28 个版本
[PDF] cell.com
Full View
[PDF] A review of threat modelling approaches for APT-style attacks
M Tatam, B Shanmugam, S Azam, K Kannoorpatti - Heliyon, 2021 - cell.com
… to discover a target and identify an exploitable vulnerability. The challenge is to identify the
priorities, when reducing vulnerabilities … scoring on known vulnerabilities and exploits. These …
保存 引用 被引用次数：80 相关文章 所有 9 个版本
Blockchain-enabled fraud discovery through abnormal smart contract detection on Ethereum
L Liu, WT Tsai, MZA Bhuiyan, H Peng, M Liu - Future Generation Computer …, 2022 - Elsevier
… vulnerabilities, namely, the representation vector is as the input of the network model, and
then vulnerability detection is carried out. This method is only applicable to the vulnerability …
保存 引用 被引用次数：77 相关文章 所有 2 个版本
[PDF] mq.edu.au
Coping with crisis: The paradox of technology and consumer vulnerabilityCCF none
SF Yap, Y Xu, LP Tan - International Journal of Consumer …, 2021 - Wiley Online Library
… in a state of vulnerability (Baker et al., 2007). We define the notion of vulnerability in this …
Future research could use ZMET to discover the meaning and experience of older adults (or …
保存 引用 被引用次数：122 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
[PDF] tandfonline.com
Lessons of the SolarWinds hack
M Willett - Survival April–May 2021: Facing Russia, 2023 - taylorfrancis.com
… lated to the Russian SolarWinds hack had been discovered. Attributed by Microsoft to a
state-sponsored Chinese group and exploiting vulnerabilities in Microsoft’s email servers, this …
保存 引用 被引用次数：70 相关文章 所有 3 个版本 
Prompt Injection attack against LLM-integrated Applications
Y Liu, G Deng, Y Li, K Wang, T Zhang, Y Liu… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2023 - arxiv.org
… However, this expanded usage is accompanied by heightened security vulnerabilities, … Early
attempts to exploit this vulnerability used heuristic prompts, discovered through the "trial and …
保存 引用 被引用次数：120 相关文章 所有 2 个版本 
[PDF] wiley.com
Full View
A novel machine learning‐based analysis model for smart contract vulnerability
Y Xu, G Hu, L You, C Cao - Security and Communication …, 2021 - Wiley Online Library
… of the contract, leveraging symbolic execution, taint tracking, and fuzzing to discover
vulnerabilities. … If some smart contracts have no vulnerability, we will label them no vulnerability. …
保存 引用 被引用次数：44 相关文章 所有 8 个版本
[HTML] nih.gov
SARS‐CoV‐2 variants and vulnerability at the global level
VP Chavda, AB Patel… - Journal of medical …, 2022 - Wiley Online Library
… The ultimate goal of the current research toward COVID-19 is to discover new viral mutations
fast and determine their potential consequences. A mutation occurs when the pattern of the …
保存 引用 被引用次数：121 相关文章 所有 7 个版本
[PDF] editononline.com
Vulnerability of agro-pastoral community resulting from oil exploration activities at Lokichar-Kochodin basin in Turkana county
AC Kirui - Journal of Policy and Development Studies …, 2022 - journals.editononline.com
… There is no particular study that has examined the nature of vulnerability of households …
nature of vulnerability of the Agro-Pastoral Community that ensued from the discovery and …
保存 引用 相关文章 
[HTML] nih.gov
Targeting ferroptosis as a vulnerability in cancerCCF none
G Lei, L Zhuang, B Gan - Nature Reviews Cancer, 2022 - nature.com
… -inducing and ferroptosis defence mechanisms, dissect the roles and mechanisms of ferroptosis
in tumour suppression and tumour immunity, conceptualize the diverse vulnerabilities of …
保存 引用 被引用次数：888 相关文章 所有 8 个版本
Gradient of developmental and injury response transcriptional states defines functional vulnerabilities underpinning glioblastoma heterogeneity
LM Richards, OKN Whitley, G MacLeod, FMG Cavalli… - Nature Cancer, 2021 - nature.com
… Although discovered in GSCs, primary tumor cells also organize along the transcriptional …
original discovery cohort. Tumor cells spanned the complete range of phenotypes discovered …
保存 引用 被引用次数：186 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
[PDF] google.com
Security challenges and opportunities for smart contracts in Internet of Things: A survey
K Peng, M Li, H Huang, C Wang, S Wan… - IEEE Internet of …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… , we intend to explore the vulnerabilities and attacks in smart contracts, … vulnerabilities, and
the more likely it is to be noticed by more people. Once the key vulnerabilities are discovered, …
保存 引用 被引用次数：108 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
[HTML] sciencedirect.com
[HTML] Overcoming the compensatory elevation of NRF2 renders hepatocellular carcinoma cells more vulnerable to disulfiram/copper-induced ferroptosis
X Ren, Y Li, Y Zhou, W Hu, C Yang, Q Jing, C Zhou… - Redox biology, 2021 - Elsevier
… We also discovered that the phosphorylated levels of p38, JNK and ERK, several components
of the MAPK signaling pathway, were up-regulated after treatment of DSF/Cu (Figs. 2D …
保存 引用 被引用次数：173 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[PDF] idsi.md
Cyber security threat analysis in higher education institutions as a result of distance learning
LA Alexei, A Alexei - International Journal of Scientific and Technology …, 2021 - ibn.idsi.md
… The field was not prepared for such a challenge, several problems arose, which included:
the use of technologies whose vulnerabilities have not yet been studied or discovered, …
保存 引用 被引用次数：71 相关文章 所有 5 个版本 
[PDF] ieee.org
Advances in adversarial attacks and defenses in computer vision: A survey
N Akhtar, A Mian, N Kardan, M Shah - IEEE Access, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… this prospect due to an unsought discovery of adversarial vulnerability of deep learning [22]. …
THE C&W ATTACK The discovery of adversarial vulnerability of deep learning [22] also …
[HTML] Cyber security threat modeling based on the MITRE Enterprise ATT&CK Matrix
W Xiong, E Legrand, O Åberg, R Lagerström - Software and Systems …, 2022 - Springer
… When we perform attack simulations on the system model, the various attacks that the
system is vulnerable to can be discovered and possible mitigation strategies can be tested. The …
保存 引用 被引用次数：143 相关文章 所有 6 个版本
[HTML] nature.com
[HTML] Antibodies to combat viral infections: development strategies and progress
G Pantaleo, B Correia, C Fenwick, VS Joo… - … Reviews Drug Discovery, 2022 - nature.com
… mAbs through identification of vulnerable regions in viral proteins… Here, we describe advances
in antibody discovery and … optimal candidate antigens and vulnerable regions within them …
保存 引用 被引用次数：100 相关文章 所有 11 个版本
Research trends in vulnerability studies from 2000 to 2019: Findings from a bibliometric analysisCCF none
BJ Kim, S Jeong, JB Chung - International Journal of Disaster Risk …, 2021 - Elsevier
… Through the analysis of each centrality value, it is possible to discover which research
topics are considered important in the vulnerability research network in each period. …
保存 引用 被引用次数：74 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[HTML] sciencedirect.com
[HTML] Artificial intelligence for cybersecurity: Literature review and future research directions
R Kaur, D Gabrijelčič, T Klobučar - Information Fusion, 2023 - Elsevier
… [38] proposed a new scheme for the identification of vulnerabilities across the system …
discover any potential attack space. Researchers use AI-based fuzzing to discover vulnerabilities …
保存 引用 被引用次数：135 相关文章 所有 3 个版本
[PDF] usenix.org
How machine learning is solving the binary function similarity problem
A Marcelli, M Graziano, X Ugarte-Pedrero… - 31st USENIX Security …, 2022 - usenix.org
… We compiled the ten vulnerable functions for four architectures (x86, x64, ARM 32 bit, MIPS
… the vulnerability discovery results, we only used as a query the functions that are vulnerable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：72 相关文章 所有 11 个版本 
[PDF] arxiv.org
Security aspects of Internet of Things aided smart grids: A bibliometric survey
J Sakhnini, H Karimipour, A Dehghantanha, RM Parizi… - Internet of things, 2021 - Elsevier
… vulnerability analysis in power grids. One paper proposes an automated binary-based
vulnerability discovery … This automatic discovery algorithm is tested on real smart meter data from …
保存 引用 被引用次数：165 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
[HTML] sciencedirect.com
[HTML] Copper metabolism as a unique vulnerability in cancerCCF none
VC Shanbhag, N Gudekar, K Jasmer… - … et Biophysica Acta (BBA …, 2021 - Elsevier
… Here, we review the general mechanisms of cellular copper homeostasis and discuss roles
of copper in cancer progression, highlighting metabolic vulnerabilities that may be targetable …
保存 引用 被引用次数：246 相关文章 所有 8 个版本
[PDF] dmu.ac.uk
Digital Twins and Cyber Security–solution or challenge?
D Holmes, M Papathanasaki… - 2021 6th South-East …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… Cyber security risks are dynamic and fast evolving based on a wide variety of factors such
as vulnerability discovery, exploit availability, and cyber threat intelligence. This means that …
保存 引用 被引用次数：76 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
Artificial intelligence, cyber-threats and Industry 4.0: Challenges and opportunities
A Bécue, I Praça, J Gama - Artificial Intelligence Review, 2021 - Springer
… DM focuses on the discovery of previously unknown properties in the data. It does not
need … on knowledge of past intrusions, known system vulnerabilities, or the installation-specific …
保存 引用 被引用次数：214 相关文章 所有 4 个版本
[PDF] sciencedirect.com
Network intrusion detection system using deep learning
L Ashiku, C Dagli - Procedia Computer Science, 2021 - Elsevier
… [7], which reflect common vulnerabilities and exposures (CVE); CVE is a dictionary of publicly
disclosed types of attacks that evolves upon discovery of potential vulnerabilities [11]. Like …
保存 引用 被引用次数：141 相关文章 所有 5 个版本
